Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Day 63.
I took two days to get direction because I'm asking the Lord, 'What do you have for your people?
What do we need to be praying about?
' Little pulses are just what's coming up to me: praying over the terrorist attacks, praying over what the Lord showed me.
I'm going to go over some of these things the Lord has shown me about terrorist attacks because a lot of you are new here and have not watched those old videos.
I know because they haven't gone up in view count, and there's hundreds of thousands of you now versus when the Lord told me this stuff back when I only had 30,000 people.
I'm going to go over them again, and you need to know.
Last time I gave you the word for the remnant, for the presents that is coming.
I've been on a real steady path of encouragement and not getting down.
The warnings that I get in my spirit on a daily basis...
I'm trying to be encouraging during the holiday season and telling you all hope, which is truth.
I'm not here to give you honey; I'm here to tell the remnant there's good days ahead for you, but there is also a devil out there, and there's a plan of the enemy to kill, steal, and destroy.
So I have to give you both sides of the coin.
This side will have the potential to scare you if you're not rooted and grounded in love, because perfect love casts out all fear.
This is the part that is hard to give because there's a lot of people that go, 'Oh, the sky's falling, Chicken Little,' and I say no, the sky's not falling, but the Lord always tells you in advance what the enemy's trying to plot and scheme.
His job is to destroy and to wipe out lots of people, but the Bible says that we have power and authority over the devil.
So I'm going to put that out there first before I tell you about what I have seen coming again.
The Lord is warning me that this is a plan that is afoot; this is what they're going to try to do in the days ahead.
This is not something that we have averted yet, but this is something that the enemy is going to try to do in the near future.
So we as the body have our antennas up.
We're watching on the wall.
I had a really cool email from a guy whose son prays in the spirit with us as he plays his violin, and I encouraged him.
Oh my goodness, he's 17 years old, and praying in the spirit and playing his instrument.
I'm telling you, the Lord's going to use this young man to do mighty things for Him with that instrument.
You start praying in the spirit, and the Holy Spirit's going to start flowing through that instrument, and you're going to see people getting healed whenever you start playing, just like David played for Saul and caused the demons to go.
Worship causes demons to flee.
So as you worship on that violin and you start playing, play with the Holy Spirit, young man.
I believe with all my heart that God's going to use you in a mighty way in these last days with this younger generation.
It's exciting about your dad and you praying in the car on the way to school.
I'm excited about that, glory to God!
That's what we're here for: to teach you how to stand as watchmen on the wall, so that you'll do it for yourself.
This isn't a Brandon show, a Diana show, or a Braden show; this is a Jesus show.
He's on here to tell you through me that you have what it takes.
That same power in the Holy Spirit that dwells on the inside of me dwells on the inside of you, and every single one of you has the ability to call down fire.
Every single one of you has the ability to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Cling to and quote Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
In these last days we will see dark, dark days, but the light has come on you.
That all being said, let me tell you what I saw and what the Lord has warned me again that's coming.
The Lord showed me three men crossing the border in Arizona, and these men, He said, were Al-Qaeda.
They are very high-ranking in the Al-Qaeda organization.
The Lord showed me these three men crossing the border secretly.
It looked like mountains in the horizon, deserty, and it was barely daybreak when they crossed over.
They had people waiting for them on the other side to take them in what looked like a black van, and they drove them away out of the desert and escaped.
The Lord told me that they are plotting and planning attacks in America as we speak.
These men, and there are literally thousands of them that have crossed over the border over the course of the last four years during Sleepy Joe's administration, and the Lord told me that these men will come up.
When the time's been told for them to do whatever they're going to do, they're going to come up out of the ground like ants.
They're underground, hidden somehow, and when it's time, I saw them coming up like red ants out of an anthill, and they were going to do their attacks.
It was simultaneously more than one place at one time—a bunch of coordinated things happening to bring fear and make people afraid to go and live life, because you don't know when it's going to happen next.
But these people had ill intentions to do mass casualties, more than 9/11.
I saw them coming up out of the dens.
These are different visions from different days, but they all go together like a puzzle.
Then the Lord showed me them coming across the border, and then I saw men with vials in their hands that had biological stuff inside of these test tubes.
I know they weren't wearing these garments for real, but the Lord was showing me they were in white turban hats and white outfits.
The Lord said they are Al-Qaeda again.
I saw them at water facilities, treatment plants, and lakes.
They took a metal spoon, and I saw them dumping the stuff with rubber gloves on.
Just a little bit in a lake, if it was the city's supply and source of drinking water, would not be detected in the facilities to filter it.
So I saw them pouring this stuff into lake reservoirs and into our streams.
I don't know what it is, but it affected all the water supply.
This was all down in the Florida Panhandle area.
I saw Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, and the Florida Panhandle all lit up in the spirit realm—the bottom half toward the Gulf Coast.
This affected clear down through New Orleans and Houston on the coast because they couldn't figure out which water was tainted and which water was not when this event would take place.
I saw literally hundreds of thousands of people who had drunk the water and did not know that they were poisoned.
I saw children, because they were smaller, get sick first; they started bending over and died right there.
Then the mothers were trying to comfort their children and they were weeping, and they passed on.
The fathers passed on.
Everybody in the family—it showed me it affected the weight of the person, so the less you weighed, the more it affected you.
That's just the way it showed, I'm just assuming, I don't want to add to or take away from the vision.
I saw all these people drinking it, and there were literally thousands of people perishing.
Houston was not affected; Houston's water plants made all the people drink bottled water, but there was not enough bottled water from Houston all the way across to Atlanta because there are so many people in those areas.
People were so scared to drink the water.
Unless you had a water well, people in the major cities died from lack of water because they could not get out.
There wasn't enough water to service all the people, so they were perishing from dehydration.
All the people who passed away had to be put in bags.
I saw mass graves the size of football fields—humongous holes dug with them lining the bodies up because there weren't enough funeral homes or enough way to freeze the bodies.
By government order, they put all of these bodies inside of a massive hole.
I know this is alarming, but I'm just warning you what I've seen.
They put a massive, humongous eagle statue with its wings spread out on a granite monument, giving them true honor and tribute to the fallen.
I saw the United States and all the writing on it in this one place where all the bodies were.
It was a massive field.
The people in these other cities did not have enough water unless they had a well.
People who had a water well had lines of people they were trying to help, but it still was not enough.
We're talking millions of people from Houston and New Orleans all the way to Atlanta and Tallahassee.
This event was very serious.
I've seen this happening with terrorist activity, so I'm going to go over the terrorist things I've seen.
I was shown a massive barge coming from what looked like Africa.
These terrorists took over the boat, and nobody knew.
They hijacked the boat and eliminated all the crew.
They had a briefcase device in the belly of this boat and they brought it clear into the Virginia area.
Whenever it got into the ports, they set this thing off.
There was some kind of oil substance inside of this shipping container which caused a catastrophic, dirty device thing.
It caused radiation all over that area.
I saw this boat come in, and it was a planned attack in the Virginia and Washington D.
C.
area.
It was a massive boat, dirty-looking, with a black paint jaw on top and rusty-looking at the bottom.
Then I saw an attack on the Golden Gate Bridge.
I saw Asian men on the Golden Gate Bridge putting devices on it, acting like construction workers.
They had hard hats on and looked like utility workers checking on the bridge, and they took the whole thing out.
The next thing the Lord showed me was an old shipping container barge that carries grain coming down the Mississippi River.
These men were Asian, and the barge was rusted out and not well-taken care of.
Inside was a platform and a device to lift up a rocket—a secret plan.
On this rocket, written in black letters on a white part, was 'USSR'.
It shot out into the Gulf of Mexico over Tennessee, Kentucky, New York, and Pennsylvania.
I kept hearing in the spirit, 'It's not getting high enough.
' It detonated over a lower part and sent an EMP blast all over that area.
It didn't get high enough to affect more than what they wanted; the lower altitude only affected a small area.
When this happened, all the electricity was off in that area, but the further it went out, the power wasn't as affected.
Cell phones were gone, but there were landlines if you had one in places like Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, and parts of Arkansas.
The further you went west, the more everything was okay.
The further you went east, it was not okay.
Further south, parts of the Florida Panhandle, Miami and all, weren't affected.
In this vision, I went to the refrigerator and checked to see if the power was on.
A friend, a police officer at the church, called to ask if we had power.
I could see the trees had leaves, so I believe it was in the late summer or fall during harvest time.
The leaves were still on the sycamores.
So, I'm going back over these things and asking God if this is still active.
Praying over New Year's Eve, praying over major crowds...
I saw them planning—and I have to be careful how I say this—people assigned to mega-churches going in and doing mass things.
Terrorists hitting certain ones in North Carolina and Tampa.
I saw them walk into a church, fire three shots, and hit a well-known preacher in the chest.
I've prayed over him and his wife for supernatural covering.
I don't say this to scare you; I say it because I see it coming and I have to pray.
2025 has the potential for some of this, so we come against it and intercede that mass things do not take place at churches during Easter or Christmas services.
It was trying to represent a time when people were gathered together, like big church crowds in places like Houston.
We pray that no weapon formed against these major churches will prosper.
It's all about fear, control, and intimidation to get you to not want to serve the Lord.
We take authority over the demonic spirits behind the people.
The devil has to use a human body as an apparatus.
He uses personalities and principalities to get his agenda done.
We take authority over these things in our area and our churches.
I am thankful for pastors who have armed security.
At our last church, we had two off-duty police officers, Officer Hugh and Officer Greenwood.
They helped me lock down the building and check the bathrooms.
I believe it's wisdom to have armed security in these days.
I believe in the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms.
It's our job to protect our loved ones and our congregations, especially with people who are trained, not just ushers.
Then the Lord showed me a massive terrorist attack at the opera house in Sydney, Australia.
A major explosion took place to strike fear in the Australian people.
Outside, there were terrorists hurting people with semi-automatic weapons.
I know they're not allowed to have firearms in Australia, so I have no idea how they got them, but this is the vision the Lord showed me.
I tell you because I have to intercede, and you can pray too.
I told you what the Lord showed me about the virus, and you can see it on the news with the bird flu.
Let me pray over you that all these hidden things will be revealed and exposed.
We pray for protection for Trump, for the Vice President, and for the cabinet.
We pray for supernatural protection over our Supreme Court, the FBI, Homeland Security, and the CIA—for the godly people in there to expose the darkness.
We are getting down to 30 days until the inauguration.
Father, I thank You for the warnings, not to scare us, but so we can take authority and bind the wicked.
We thank You that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We pray over our pastors—Rodney Howard-Browne, Steven Furtick, and others.
We take authority over principalities and powers.
We pray over the churches in general—Baptist, Methodist, every tribe and tongue.
We pray that they are protected during this Christmas season.
We thank You, Lord, that our marriages are restored and that there is wisdom for parents to lead their teenagers.
We thank You for a supernatural impartation of glory into the youth of this generation.
We pray that they keep themselves pure and holy.
We pray that they would not be intimidated by peer pressure.
We pray that they keep their eyes pure from the trash on the internet.
We thank You for Your protection over this nation.
Lord, expose the plans of the wicked before they have the opportunity to do them.
We pray over the bowl games, the Super Bowl, and the Rose Bowl Parade.
We pray over Israel.
We pray for divine delays when needed.
We thank You that there is no strife in the homes this Christmas.
We thank You for traveling mercies, with no car accidents or delays in the airports.
We thank You for healing over their bodies—no colds, no viruses, no snotty noses, no Covids.
We have a Holy Ghost shield over us.
We walk in divine health and protection.
We pray for our nations.
I'm excited about the new Korea, Vietnam, and China channels.
Asia needs to have hope.
The word that delivered people 2,000 years ago is delivering people today.
We give all the glory to Jesus.
Thank you for your support.
Merry Christmas!
Happy Birthday, Jesus!
We love You, Lord.
Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you.
God bless you all.
It's here.
It's awesome.
Goodbye.